Hi, there. And welcome.
I'm Professor Sycamore.
As a Pokémon researcher,
I work with Trainers
in the Kalos region to help them
with their journey.
It's time for my annual
Pokémon summer camp
where together,
you and your Pokémon
can create marvelous memories.
Wow. There it is.
[EXCITED]
‐ The beach.
‐ So pretty.
[sniffs]
I love that smell.
Ocean air.
'Professor Sycamore.'
[EXCITED]
‐ Hi, hi.
‐ Long time no see.
Hi, there.
It was so nice of you
to invite us.
NARRATOR
In the midst of our heroes'
journey to Shalour City
Professor Sycamore
has invited them
to be a part of his annual
Pokémon summer camp.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"SUMMER OF DISCOVERY!"
As we thought.
The Twerps
did make the scene.
We hit that on the head.
With the professor as host,
their appearance was a must.
Let's take it slow.
And at the right time
we'll whisk all their Pokémon
away in one fell swoop.
Working to earn
everyone's trust is a must.
[gasps]
Madame Catherine,
you're right on time.
We're just gettin' our gourmet
preparations underway now.
Good. No skimping, please.
Keep in mind
Augustine's Trainers
have giant appetites
and just love to eat.
Prepare a ton of food
at least.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Yes, ma'am.
And if they really like
what you all cook
there might just be a little
raise in store.
[all gasp]
Yummy.
‐ And that's what happened.
‐ Hm.
Wow! Great!
What a marvelous experience.
You met Mega Lucario?
Mega Evolution
is as cool as it gets.
Everything powers up
including the strength
of their moves.
It's awesome
how strong they get.
I wish I could've
seen it too.
So I guess you'll be
battling Korrina
and that powerful Mega Lucario
at the Shalour Gym soon.
You bet.
The stronger my opponent is
the more fired up I get.
I'm gonna win that Gym badge
for sure.
[DETERMINED]
Well, I hope
your stay here will be useful
and marvelous
at the same time.
ASH
Thanks.
This is the cabin
you'll be staying in.
Wow. It's the cutest.
'Everyone will be
split into teams.'
'As you can see, your team
is called Team Froakie.'
Team Froakie, huh?
Cool.
‐ Ha..
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha.
Hey, I call this bed.
[AGREEMENT]
Speaking of summer camp
'does this bring back
any memories'
'of when you two
first met each other?'
‐ Yeah, it does.
‐ Huh?
Let's make it as much fun
as when we were kids.
‐ It's a deal.
‐ 'Alright.'
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Battle begin!'
[FOCUSED
Hey, it's a Squirtle!
Huh.
Squirtle.
The Tiny Turtle Pokémon.
'During battle,
Squirtle hides in its shell'
'that sprays water
at its opponent'
'whenever it can.'
Conkeldurr, Superpower!
[SUPERPOWER MOVE]
Quick, Squirtle.
Dodge by gettin' in close.
[SUPERPOWER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
‐ Whoa, it jumped.
‐ Yeah. And it jumped high.
[EXERTION]
[ANNOYED]
‐ Hey! Stop moving.
‐ But it's what we do.
We just can't
stand still, see?
[HAPPY]
SERENA
'It's as if they're dancing.'
That Squirtle's somethin' else.
[AMAZED]
It's having lots of fun
battling.
'You're right.
Look at that smile.'
Now, Skull Bash.
[SKULL BASH MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
‐ Conkeldurr.
‐ We nailed that one.
Squirtle wins it.
[EXERTION]
[PROUD]
‐ Great job!
‐ Really awesome!
Thanks, Conkeldurr.
Good job.
Boy, oh, boy. Your battle style
is a first for me.
We love to dance. We just keep
on movin' and groovin'.
[HAPPY]
Hey. Can I battle
with you next?
[EXCITED]
Alright. Sounds great.
I'm Tierno
and I'm from Santelune City.
And Squirtle here
is my partner.
[SALUTATIONS]
We're part of Team Squirtle.
What about you guys?
All of us are part
of Team Froakie.
I'm Ash Ketchum.
I'm from Pallet Town.
My partner's Pikachu.
[SALUTATIONS]
‐ Pallet Town?
‐ That's right.
See, I'm from Kanto,
but I came here
so I can enter
the Kalos League.
TIERNO
'Some haul.
All the way from Kanto, huh?'
Hold on.
I know you.
Huh? Wait. You do?
‐ Yeah. Stay here.
‐ Now what?
[CONFUSED]
Look. Check it out.
She looks the same.
It's you. This is great.
You're Serena.
But how could you
know my name?
Because I saw you
on Pokévision.
Huh?
Wait. Isn't Pokévision..
[CONFUSED]
Yep. Remember Serena's video?
Ah! Ah! Oh.
CLEMONT
Oh, no. That means people
are watching me too?
Of course, they are. Come on,
that's the whole point, silly.
[laughing]
‐ I'm Shauna. Nice to meet you.
‐ Shauna. Thank you.
You and Fennekin
are so cute in your video
that I've been a fan
ever since I first saw it.
‐ Oh, wow. Thanks.
‐ Where'd you see the video?
Where? At the Pokémon Center.
You can watch it anywhere.
You haven't seen
your video yet?
Uh..
Your Squirtle is just fine
and back to perfect health.
Thanks, Nurse Joy.
[HAPPY]
I'm glad
you're feelin' good, kiddo.
Whenever I visit
the Pokémon Center
I always check if something
is new on Pokévision.
'See? This one's Serena's.'
Look how many views
it's gotten.
That's great. I had no idea
they were watching.
Can I meet your Fennekin,
please?
Sure. No problem.
Fennekin, come on out!
[APPEARING]
[HAPPY]
So cute. You're too cute.
Fennekin's even cuter
in person.
Thank you, Shauna.
Grooming its tail
must be lots of work
but it's totally shiny
and smooth.
That's so sweet.
It's because I brush it
all the time.
Do you make
Pokévision videos too?
Sure do.
I've made a whole bunch.
'Whoa. That's a lot.'
I always make one
when I catch a new Pokémon.
I even make a new video
every time
I manage to get my hands
on a pretty new ribbon.
[SALUTATIONS]
Time for Shauna's Pokémon Show.
My partner for today
is Bulbasaur.
It's super cute
when it runs.
And even with
its short legs
Bulbasaur's really good
at running.
It was my very
first Pokémon.
[HAPPY]
Everybody's favorite.
It has a super‐cute
voice too.
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Can't wait to see
what will bloom from its seed.
I hope that
you're all excited too.
‐ Well, there it is.
‐ You've got a Bulbasaur.
Yep. It's my go‐to
Pokémon pal.
Bulbasaur, come out!
[APPEARING]
[READY]
Just like in the video.
Bulbasaur. The Seed Pokémon.
'A young Bulbasaur uses
the nutrients from its seed'
'for the energy
it needs to grow.'
Don't you think
Bulbasaur's super‐cute too?
Sure do.
[SALUTATIONS]
[UNINTERESTED]
[CONFUSED]
I guess your Bulbasaur
is kind of snooty, huh?
‐ 'Yeah.'
‐ Huh?
[APPEARING]
Huh? Chespin.
I think Chespin
wants to play.
Froakie, come on out!
[APPEARING]
[SALUTATIONS]
‐ Oh, yeah!
‐ Huh?
‐ Ta‐da!
‐ Poké Puffs?
‐ Did you bake these, Serena?
‐ Mm‐hm.
Here. I hope
you all like them.
For you.
[CONTENT]
'Well?'
[HAPPY]
[CONTENT]
Bulbasaur?
One for you.
Huh?
Sorry.
Because my Bulbasaur's
a teensy bit shy around others
it won't eat anything
unless I feed it.
‐ Then go right ahead.
‐ Thanks.
Here. It's for you.
[UNSURE] / [CONTENT]
‐ 'Huh? Was that a smile?'
‐ Bulbasaur really loves it.
But that's the most emotion
you'll ever see.
I'm so glad
you like my Poké Puffs.
[EXERTION]
[SHOCK]
Wow! Charmander!
[SALUTATIONS]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Squirtle.
[EXCITED]
‐ Wow. Energetic.
‐ So that's a Charmander.
Charmander.
The Lizard Pokémon.
'When the tip of Charmander's
tail burns brightly'
'that indicates
it's in good health.'
[PROUD]
All three of the Kanto Pokémon
new Trainers choose from
are here.
‐ Where's Charmander's Trainer?
‐ Right there! That's him.
[panting]
Hey, it's Trevs.
‐ I made it.
‐ Trevor, you're so late.
Sorry. You see, Charmander
was at it again on our way here.
‐ Again?
‐ What do you mean?
Charmander was at what again?
Alright. The thing is.. Huh?
[PANIC]
[WATER GUN ATTACK]
[RELIEVED]
Well, Charmander's always
ready to battle.
I'm so sorry
for Charmander's actions
towards your Pokémon.
It doesn't matter
where it is.
Charmander's always
so full of energy.
It got into a fight
on the way here, right?
TREVOR
Yep.
This is Trevor.
The three of us have been
friends since we were little.
How are you? I'm really sorry
about all this.
Huh! It can't be.
You're Serena.
‐ Huh?
‐ It's Pokévision.
That video made you famous.
Shauna kept saying
how there's this
really pretty girl
on a video.
She must've showed it to me
a million times.
Huh? Uh..
‐ I'm a little embarrassed.
‐ Wow! You're just so cute.
‐ So cute, so cute..
‐ Don't mind him.
‐ He's a goofball.
‐ Huh?
Ah, are you Pikachu?
[UNSURE]
Uh..
I like to take photos
of all the Pokémon I've met.
My dream is to meet every
Pokémon listed in the Pokédex
and someday discover
a new Pokémon
that hasn't even been
listed yet.
That sounds great.
This is Ash, Serena,
Bonnie, and Clemont.
Ash came all the way
from the Kanto region.
Then that means you've come
across a bunch of Pokémon
from Kanto
that I haven't ever seen before.
I'm so jealous.
So are all of you guys
staying for camp?
Uh‐huh.
We're part of Team Froakie.
All four of us
are traveling together.
Big group.
Must be a lot of fun.
You guys don't
travel together?
TIERNO
The three of us got our Pok mon
from Professor Sycamore
on the same day,
but went our separate ways
to pursue our dreams.
ASH
Oh, I see.
SHAUNA
But every now and then
we like to get together
and catch up
on what everyone's been up to.
[HAPPY]
So why are you
on a journey, Ash?
That's easy.
I started traveling
so I can
become a Pokémon Master.
[AGREEMENT]
'So becoming a Pokémon Master
is your dream, huh?'
Sure is.
NURSE JOY
'Alright, it's time to gather
on the beach for introductions'
'as the Pokémon summer camp
gets under way.'
‐ Come on, let's hurry.
‐ Alright.
Yay!
[EXCITED]
Dreams, huh?
What's wrong, Serena?
Huh. Nothing. I'm coming.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
Hello, Trainers.
Thank you all for being here.
And why are you here?
You're here to build
an even deeper bond
'with your Pokémon'
'through your interactions
with other Trainers.'
'Starting today
and throughout the week.'
'I hope you'll have
lots of summer camp fun.'
And now,
presenting Nurse Joy.
She's opened a Pokémon Center
just for us.
I'm happy to care for your
Pokémon anytime you need me.
[AGREEMENT]
And here's
our food service manager
who takes good care of us
every year.
Madame Catherine.
My job is
to make certain you have
the most delicious meals
all week long.
Of course, I have three
excellent chefs to help me.
The best.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Hi ho, campers.
Alright, at our camp,
we have a system
where each team earns points
depending on how they did
in each day's activities.
Let's have fun.
BONNIE/SERENA/CLEMONT
Right.
Okay, Team Froakie,
let's go!
Ready, Team Squirtle?
Let's do it with style.
‐ Right.
‐ We'll do our best.
First place gets ten points.
Second place gets
seven points.
Third place gets three points.
And all other teams
get no points.
The goal is to help each other
out while competing.
The team that has earned
the most points by the last day
will have the honor
of being inducted
into the Pokémon summer camp
hall of fame.
Also please note
the current champion Diantha
was inducted into
the summer camp hall of fame
back when she
was your age.
‐ That's so cool.
‐ Wow!
And that means
we'll be able to follow
in the footsteps
of the great Diantha.
I wanna do what she did.
Yeah.
Pikachu, let's go for it.
[AGREEMENT]
Now, on our first day, we like
to get everyone acquainted
by starting off
with a Pokémon battle.
'It's an annual tradition
where no points are awarded'
so feel free to challenge
any Trainer you like.
I want my opponent to be Tierno.
We'll battle for sure this time.
‐ Alright.
‐ Serena, what do you say?
So that means I'll be
your opponent.
And may the best Trainer win.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE
'Is everybody ready?'
Battles begin.
[blowing whistle]
[APPEARING]
Ready, Froakie?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Pikachu, cheer us on
with Bonnie, alright?
[EXCITED]
You can do it , Ash.
You're using Froakie
not Pikachu.
I got Froakie
from Professor Sycamore
when I first got
to the Kalos region.
Alright.
A Water‐type battle.
There's no doubt we both want
to get into the hall of fame.
Yep. There's no holding back.
Let's win this with style.
[EXCITED]
Huh?
[AWE]
Hey, you could be
a bit more excited.
Huh?
You see, this is the first time
I'm competing
in an official battle
with a real judge.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Huh?
Even though you're a Trainer?
‐ Yeah. This is it.
‐ Amazing!
That means today is your
official debut Pokémon battle.
You're right.
I guess it is.
Let's do our best, Fennekin.
[AGREEMENT]
Charmander,
let's really focus, okay?
[AGREEMENT]
Chespin, we've got to win this,
alright?
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Would you look at that.
‐ Pokémon aplenty.
Yep. Stealer's choice.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Rejoice.
Excuse me,
but there's a dinner
that's begging
to be prepared, right?
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Right.
[EXERTION]
[WATER GUN ATTACK]
Fennekin, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Use Energy Ball.
[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
[SHOCK] / [EXERTION]
Hey, Fennekin, are you okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
What power.
Despite it not being very
effective against Fire types.
See? And cute too.
That's power with style.
My dream is to one day become
the world's greatest
Pokémon performer.
World's greatest
Pokémon performer?
[CONFUSED]
Wow, you've never
heard of them?
They're Trainers who create
high‐quality performances
working together
with their Pokémon.
Dodge it, quick!
[EXERTION]
[PANIC]
Chespin. Calm down, please.
Come on, calm down.
[RELIEVED]
Please excuse us.
'Chespin,
can you still battle?'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[WATER PULSE ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
‐ Ah. How does it do that?
‐ It's the rhythm.
‐ 'The rhythm?'
‐ Word up.
My dream is for my Pokémon
and I to be a Rap Dance team.
‐ Sounds awesome.
‐ You bet.
We're using rhythm and dance
steps while we're battling.
Dodging is a breeze
when you're able to move
and groove like us.
Okay, Rapid Spin. Let's go.
[RAPID SPIN MOVE]
Froakie, Water Pulse again!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[FEAR]
Alright.
This battle's over.
I'm going to stop the battle.
which means Squirtle
is the winner.
[EXERTION]
Pretty cool, huh?
Looks like we'll be getting
into the hall of fame.
Ah..
Wow! You two can really move.
[EXERTION]
[AWE]
You never know
what Ash is going to do.
I'm always learning
new things to do
for Pokémon
through his actions.
You're never sure
of what's next.
Oh, man, come on.
It's not such a big deal.
But your inventions
are totally amazing.
An inventor?
His inventions are always
helping us out.
‐ Here.
‐ Huh.
Whoa! What's that?
Inventing is my passion.
I love coming up with things
that benefit the lives
of Pokémon.
My brother's inventions
are unbelievable.
Awesome. That's so cool.
Serena, how did your battle
against Shauna go?
It was a lot of fun.
I figured out
a lot of things.
'Shauna showed me
a lot of things too.'
[laughing]
They seem
to enjoy our cuisine.
It's all because
of your recipes.
I'm the official taste‐tester.
Wait. You can't brag
about that.
[AGREEMENT]
[gasps]
You've done a great job.
The kids just
adore your cooking.
Raise time!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Ah. Thanks!
Becoming a Pokémon Master.
[CONFUSED]
Ash isn't the only one.
'There's Clemont, Shauna,
Tierno and Trevor.'
They're all on a journey
to make their dreams come true.
[CONTENT]
But I need a dream too.
NARRATOR
Day one of Professor Sycamore's
Pokémon summer camp
is almost at an end.
With so many new friends
and experiences
to reflect upon
only time will tell
if it will affect
our heroes
as the journey continues.
[theme music]